we will be the forcados that we are going to take out
painters
because being there by bicycle
please there's a cycle bike you have to go
regulated and helmet please or do you have to
get off and take her by the horns god
the correct word not a loose oil
but qualifying me but all sidewalk
you have to go down only for the pedestrian
but why calm quiet guy
you have to use the bike path just
that did not give
bicycles must circulate only
by the bike paths or by the stream
vehicular but in no way should
do it on the sidewalks as the pedestrian
you risk suffering some
accident or also some bull we take
the bull by the horns uncle if you go
although on the bicycle do not use the
banqueta and less using the cell phone
but it is already hanging and you have to
get off the bull and take it by the
horns walking while you go by the
sidewalk until it arrives we can only
carry carrying a lot like the very same
now we are ready and the extraterrestrial
from my in the opposite direction
where are we going to climb on the sidewalk
because it is dangerous but forward
thanks is a tough bull uncle
you have to use the bike path
you look like you look like
einstein then it should be more
smart
cyclists
banquets only for desired
because people have to understand that
the bike path and two sidewalks for the
drawer
As you can see, I like that in these
Mexican males turn you on
we go for the steer that comes where
should not
let's take it to the bike path
we load the uncles 12 but low and walk
with the bicycle's low bicycle and
push that is the way to do it
very well
come on uncle
that we can congratulate you
You're the only one who has grabbed the
bike
and it does it like it has to be
You are a great Mexican bravo on shoulders
that we have grabbed a bull that was
where 930 mature the word then
I say you can not use the sidewalk if
well on a bicycle do not use the sidewalk
father of the bike path
or
but he is a compadre of the seagulls
we do not accept corruption
in no time man
but I'm going to tell you if it's foolish what
that goes by the bike path
it gets hot takes this year
ahead